a legend tells
the first one that comes to kill the
blue protocol
an eternal life awaited you
and
if I finally have you now I'm going to kill you
in the end I managed to kill him
you want to know how to get it
now then teach
all right
very good to all of you again here with the
empire channel and today I bring you a
video tutorial of how to kill one's own
blue as you already know on the screen
you need book and the bugs writing
harpoons batches are not
exposed draco is achieved in the
dungeons of the place fortress
which is in the north zone here
in the fjord here canvas
bad the bug that you have to kill the
boss is this is every 10 ruthless
that when you do not kill there is a
probability that proto will fall
blue draco
Now I'm going to teach you how to kill her
we are going to avoid what
the bugs if we get there fast
well I'm going
I'm explaining the way as
kill him
you just have to go with someone
I hit a lot
you have to put us next to the
door
to kill him now I will teach you
It is important that you kill him with one with
a blow as
if he attacks him and if he does not kill him that goes up
the mount and we will not be able to kill him
it 's here
you put us here next to the door
why
and as you can see it has 431 life for
from here you have to with some sorcerer
with a magician I do not know if they can not do
so much damage with an attack but the sorcerers
I continue to download chaos at level 90
you have to kill him like that if you do not go to
to get the mount is
simply from here you give him the
download chaos if you have the sorcerer not
kill and you can batch the bug
I hope it serves you
and do not forget about like and favorites if
you liked the video follow me on
facebook twitter and google plus if you have
any question or put yourself in the
comments and do not forget to subscribe to
come see you in the next video
yes